Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
What the fuck!
Chief.
Good morning. detective.
What?
Didn't realize it
was casual Friday.
Enough with the jokes. hmm?
We got a homicide.
Male. mid thirties. multiple
lacerations to the body.
arms. throat.
It's a bloody mess.
Why do you ask for me?
Isn't Hector on this case?
Hector's down with the flu?
Do you want this case or not?
Of course I want it.
You've never handled
anything like this before.
Give me a chance. I'll prove it.
All right. it's yours
but in one condition.
What's that?
I'm putting you
together with Crawford.
Now before you even think
of saying anything. don't.
It's 5:00 AM and I'm
in no mood to argue.
Inspector. get over here.
Hello. chief.
What's going on?
I'm putting you two
together on this.
Now. Detective Cavara will be
heading up the investigation.
but I want you along because
you've had prior experience
in similar cases.
That's the deal.
Take it or leave it.
Fine by me. Chief.
-Detective?
-I'll take it.
Good.
Now I'm going to post extra
officers at the airport
and the ferry terminal.
But we're stretched out too thin
to be able to watch every
boat in every harbor.
So the sooner we catch the
culprit the better. That's it.
Now get in there
and get to work.
I'll go fetch us some coffees.
I can see we're going
to get along just fine.
Thanks. papa.
There you go.
Thanks.
That's fucking gnarly. isn't it?
Who is it?
Francis Gristi. 35. owns
small shipping company.
unmarried. no immediate family.
The chief said you'd
work homicide before.
Yeah. well. back in
the UK I used to work
for the West Yorkshire
Police Department.
The lot that nicked
Peter Sutcliffe.
You know. the Yorkshire Ripper?
Before my time.
But keep talking.
it helps me I think.
Well. there were a couple
of murders on my beat.
First was a wife who
stoved her husbands head in
with an iron 'cause she caught
him shagging her bestie.
The second was a bloke
who killed a sex worker.
Strangled her to death
behind a 24hr petrol station
and left her in a skip.
17 years old she was.
I know it doesn't mean much but
made me proud to be a copper
when I helped bring
that bastard in.
What do we know about
the murder weapon?
Very sharp knife.
possibly a razor.
He was slashed. Not stabbed.
Most of the cuts are
on his arms and hands
from trying to defend himself.
I've never seen this
many lacerations before.
and they are deep. some of
them right down to the bone.
That's a lot of hate.
How about you keep
your eyes on the road.
This is your first time here?
What makes you say that?
Malta is a very small island.
I would have
remembered your face.
Christian. Right?
That's right.
Let's not do the
small talk. okay?
Your ride. Your choice.
You hear about the
murder last night?
This guy got cut to pieces.
He had his dick cut off. Even
his tongue pulled out. man.
Maybe he wouldn't stop talking.
Nice place. Yours?
No. Just another edition of
my stepfather's collection.
Your old man's rich. huh?
Mm. grotesquely.
Want me to take it in for you?
No. thank you. Got it.
Here. so you know
where to find me
if you need a tour guide.
Thank you.
But trust me. you
are not my type.
I am everyone's type.
I don't think you realize it
but you are this close
to a harassment charge.
What is har-ass-ment? Huh?
You'll find out. Now scoot.
Don't forget to call me. eh?
I'm not fucking
telling shit. okay?
Fuck off.
Are you gonna fucking tell me
where you were last night?
No. why should I
fuckin' tell you?
You know what? Fuck
this. fuck you.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
yeah. Fuck you too.
Fuck!
Hi. mom.
Evie. you there yet?
You know I am. you got pinged.
Impressive technology. right?
If by impressive you mean
scary big brother shit.
then sure.
What do you think of the place?
It's very... Mason.
You can call him dad. you know?
He's not my dad.
He's my benefactor.
So long as we keep
it business-like.
we both know where we stand.
I love you Evie. but
you can be a real cunt.
you know that?
Thank you. mom. Wonder
where I get that from.
Hey. the neighbors
seems like fun.
That'll be Reese.
Washed out playboy type.
Made his fortune with an app.
Blew it all at the poker table.
Different girlfriend
every time we're there.
Sounds like a dick.
On the plus side. he
does have a cute ass.
Oh mom. do need to know this?
Your millennials
are so wound up.
It's a wonder you don't burst.
Thankfully we have Gen-X parents
who will keep us in check.
And how's Claire finding it?
She got sea sick.
flew home early.
Everything okay with you guys?
Couldn't be better.
Good to hear. I just
want you to be happy.
Your dad does too.
I know mom. I need
to go. I'm starving.
Okay. we love you.
Bye.
You have to be kidding.
♪ Take me to the
temple in the sky ♪
Thank you.
♪ 'Cause I wanna feel
what it's like to fly ♪
Caught you looking.
I'm sorry.
Earlier on the balcony.
I wasn't watching. I was...
Just fucking with you.
We were making a scene.
What are you buying?
Whatever non-diary and
gluten-free. Which isn't much here.
This is all the non-dairy
gluten free I need.
They let you smoke inside?
Probably not. but
zero fucks given.
Uh. fuck it. Don't suppose
you've got a light?
I don't smoke.
Of course you don't. Smart girl.
I'm Diana. like
the dead princess.
And you?
Ewelina. people call me Evie.
Cute. suits you.
I love your hair.
You're English. right?
Now. what gave that away?
I'm just fucking with you again.
We are gonna be seeing
more of each other.
being neighbors and all.
Ciao.
Yeah. it was nice
to meet you too.
A security camera in
the building next door
picked up someone
exiting the palazzo
around the time of the murder.
It's not much but...
You notice anything in
particular. inspector?
Yeah.
Tits.
Let's get this out to the
airport and ferry terminals.
Tell them to search every
woman from 18 to 40.
We'll give them more
details as we have them.
All right. I'm on it.
Hi. what happened
to you? You hurt?
Just my pride... and my butt.
We wouldn't wanna
damage that. would we?
Come on. hop in.
I'll give you a ride.
You're sure?
Unless you want the
murder to pick you up.
Murderer?
Didn't you hear?
There's a crazy
person on the island.
I forgot.
You're sure? Aren't you drunk?
Not even close.
Buckle up.
So where did you travel in from?
Palermo. I got in yesterday.
You fly in?
No. came by boat.
Spent three weeks sailing
down the coast of Italy.
Nice. You traveling alone?
Started out with my
girlfriend. Claire.
Started? What happened?
She get seasick or go overboard?
Oh. she got pissed off
and we had a big fight
so she flew home.
Sorry to hear that.
I'm sure we'll kiss and
makeup when I get back.
We usually do.
So how long do you
plan on staying?
Not long.
Mason wanted me to
check on the house.
Who's Mason? The owner?
Yeah. an also my stepfather.
My mom has a taste
for rich tyrants
but he let me borrow his yacht.
So every asshole has a
silver lining. right?
Well. I hope you
do stay a while.
It'd be nice to have
another woman around here.
Especially one as cute as you.
Thank you. What's the catch?
Being constantly hit
on by the local boys
wears thin after a while.
Now you can take
some of the heat.
I already did.
Oh yeah?
Yeah. local driver.
real pervert.
Let me tell you. Mediterranean
men are old school.
They're all fire and passion.
Great between your
legs. but not much else.
But this guy definitely
wasting his time with me.
Speaking of creeps.
does your stepdad happen
to be mid fifties.
silver fox type? Was at
the villa a few weeks back?
Yeah. that was Mason.
I'll let you into
a little secret.
We're closer neighbors
and you think.
Your bedroom looks
directly into mine.
And one time I caught
him watching me undress.
Piece of shit.
It's not a not a big deal.
Look. people have gotta get
their sexual peccadillo somehow.
I think we'd all do the
same given half the chance.
No. that shit doesn't
float my boat.
Customs and immigration records
for every woman in the target
group arriving in Malta
over the past six weeks.
How many?
Just a few fuckin' thousand.
Best get started then.
Look for any possible
connection to the victim.
Since there is no crime
like this having occurred
in Malta before...
That suggests the
killer isn't local.
so should be on that list.
What about you?
Checking the Interpol database
for any recent murders
that match the MO.
Okay?
Okay.
Hey. baby. Where'd you go?
Emergency supplies.
I see you have picked
up something else too.
Found her by the side
of the road. Long story.
Evie. meet Reese.
Reese. our new neighbor.
Nice to meet you.
Evie. You here long?
Not sure yet.
It's an ongoing discussion.
Since we're neighbors.
let us take you to
dinner some time.
Oh no. I don't wanna impose.
It'd be our pleasure.
Well-
Oh for sake. you're
coming. It's settled.
So I would love to.
Tomorrow night?
Sounds good.
We know a great place.
Incredible food.
You're gonna love it.
Well. thank you for the ride.
Anytime.
Nice to meet you.
She's kind of cute.
Close your mouth and
don't make it so obvious.
I'm just saying...
It's not what you're saying.
it's what you're thinking
and whatever you're thinking
I want you to do
it to me tonight.
It's just like we thought. huh?
Given who her stepdad is. I
think there's more in there.
A lot more.
How do we get to it?
Her.
So do you want me
to work my magic?
What magic is that then?
It's the magic
that worked on you.
Is that how you see
it? That's sweet.
But I'm afraid your magic
won't work on this one.
What do you mean?
You'll figure it out.
How's the view?
You sure about her?
Pretty sure.
I'm making breakfast.
You want some?
Nah. I gotta go. Fabio
wants to meet up.
That doesn't sound promising.
It'll be fine.
I'm sure you can handle him.
Just like you handled
me last night.
You were on fire.
I was feeling inspired.
Well. then I hope you're
feeling inspired again tonight.
Anything's possible.
I have to go. I have to go.
Coming!
Wow.
I brought lunch.
So you better come in.
Wow! I like this place.
Take a look around
while I get dressed.
Not on my account.
What was that?
Nothing.
Oh God. you look like shit.
Oh. hello you.
Hey. where did you get to?
Impressive collection.
Is that an original Katana?
No idea. He's into
very weird shit.
Interesting man. your stepdad.
If you say so.
You know you shouldn't
get so hung up on him
and his weird.
You've gotta learn
to brush things off.
Give zero fucks to
anyone or anything.
like me.
What does that make you?
My teacher?
If you like.
What shall we toast to?
Your education.
Shit! That didn't take long.
What's going on. boss?
The press got hold of the CCTV.
now it's all over
the fucking internet.
You should take a dip.
It's lovely.
I'm not feeling it right now.
Are you okay?
Didn't sleep much.
Personally. I find alcohol
is the antidote
to most ailments.
But hey. I've got something
else to help loosen you up.
Do I seem uptight?
Tight as a duck's arse.
Oh. what are you doing now? Oh!
See what I mean?
Now relax.
A little me time does
the world of good.
Yeah. it feels good.
Why are you being so nice to me?
Because I like you and
you remind me of someone.
Who's that?
Me. in another life.
Well?
Have you got it?
I just need a couple
more days. man.
You'll have the whole amount.
I swear. I swear.
Riccardo.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
I want my fucking
money. you cocksucker.
You'll have it. I
swear to God. Fabio.
I've had it with you. Reese.
This is your last
fucking warning.
If I don't have that
money by next week.
I let Riccardo here
skin you alive.
You'll have it. all of it.
Holy fuck. have you seen this?
Seen what?
A picture of the killer.
They're calling the
Maltese Phantom.
Catchy.
Yeah. check out the outfit.
Looks like some kind
of bondage bat girl.
That's fucked up.
Speaking of which.
what are you wearing
for dinner tonight?
Um...
I haven't thought about it?
Quit flashing your killer
bod and come with me.
Um... okay.
Next!
Oh yeah.
Wow.
Beautiful.
You're taking your first steps
toward not giving a fuck.
This is the one. right?
You see how it
flatters your figure?
Do you want it?
Of course I do.
God.
I can't do this.
Do what?
This with you.
I love Claire and she loves me.
Then where is she?
It's complicated.
Listen. I go with the flow.
Zero expectations.
I want to. but I can't.
I should probably go.
Okay. Don't forget the clothes.
Yeah.
Right.
We're still on for
dinner though. right?
Fuck!
Miss Kowalska?
I'm Detective Cavara.
This is Inspector Crawford.
Do you have a minute?
Yeah. sure.
Reese.
Did you hear about
the murder in town
the night before last?
Yeah. I heard some rumors.
We're just doing due diligence.
Crossing off names
from list of people
recently arrived in Malta.
I guess that will be me.
When exactly did
you arrive here?
Two days ago. But I got in late
and spent the first
night onboard the yacht.
And this property
belongs to your father.
Mr. Mason Oswald?
My stepfather. Yeah.
And you're traveling alone?
That's right.
How long do you plan
on staying here?
Not long. Mason just wanted
me to check on the house.
Okay.
You'd be doing us a great favor
if you wouldn't
leave the island.
Am I a suspect?
Well there's-
Thank you for your
time Miss Kowalska.
Come.
Do me a favor.
From now on. let
me do the talking.
Right you are.
So who's next?
Listen. Diana. I need this.
I'm in deep shit.
These guys are fucking serious.
Listen. take a breath.
Remember the end game.
I've got this. We'll be fine.
I've gotta go.
Good afternoon.
officers. How can I help?
You sure this is a good idea?
Why not?
We all know where we stand now.
We're just friends
having dinner.
Friends?
Right.
Where's Reese?
He had some errands to run
so he said he'll meet us there.
So I'll be your chauffeur
for this evening.
Actually. since I plan
on getting shit-faced.
how would you like to
be designated driver?
You sure? Isn't this like
Reese's pride and joy?
So don't scratch it then.
So how long have
you known Reese?
About six months.
He seems like a nice guy.
He is. So long as he isn't
drinking or gambling.
That's how we met. in
the casino in Monaco
when I beat him at poker.
As much as it bruised his
ego. I think it turned him on.
You think he's the one?
You mean forever?
Fuck no. I don't do forever.
I cat should live all nine
lives and not just one.
Besides sooner or later
everyone shows their true colors
and I go color blind.
So what's Reese's true colors?
Between me and you. he can
be a little possessive.
Oh. and that fucking temper.
You think he's dangerous?
When push comes to
shove. aren't we all?
You better slow down. Evie.
You telling me to slow down?
I'm learning not to give a fuck.
All part of my education. right?
Wow. You ladies look fantastic.
Try not to drool darling.
Table's ready?
Yes. sir. This way. please.
Let's go.
Ey!
Oh. I should have guessed.
Ah. the rich girl. Isn't
this a nice surprise?
I wish I could say the same.
You here alone?
No. actually-
No. She's with me.
Are you gonna introduce
me to your friend?
Diana. this is the
guy I mentioned.
Oh. the taxi driver.
Yeah. Christian.
Does this look like a place
where taxi drivers hang out?
I've no idea.
I've never hung out with
any taxi drivers before.
Christian. it's been a pleasure.
I'll see you around. rich girl.
Don't count on it.
Jesus. I need a drink. Come on.
Interpol turned up three
matches for murders
with similar MO's.
No positive IDs and no
murder weapons recovered.
But several eye witnesses
have described seeing someone
wearing a lace mask.
So first one on
Majorca. male victim.
multiple lacerations.
Suspected razor blade
attack. bled to death.
One in Monaco. six
months ago. throat cut.
suspected razor blade.
And one in Genoa.
The only female victim
had their head cut off
with a sharp knife.
possibly a razor.
Neither the weapon nor
the head were recovered.
That was two months ago.
So who's your friend?
He's not my friend.
He drove me from the
harbor the other day
and tried to hit on
me the entire road.
Can't blame the guy
for trying. right?
Actually. I can.
I have to pee.
Slow down. you're drunk.
Fuck that. I can handle myself.
I'll let you guys... get along.
You know I didn't
mean anything by that.
I was just pulling your chain.
That's fine. don't sweat it.
So what is the deal?
You just don't like men?
Is that it?
Not at all. I just
don't fuck them.
That's the deal.
Seems like a hell
of a waste to me.
Why would you care?
You have Diana.
Yes I do.
And she's one hell of
a woman. isn't she?
Oh yes. she is.
Ah.
Well. well. well fancy
meeting you here.
Are you crazy? This
is the men's room.
Show me a man and I'll leave.
You don't mind. do you?
Help yourself.
Mmh.
So. now that we've
shared so much together.
I feel we can be honest.
Honest? About what?
Stay the fuck away from
Evie. Don't touch her.
Don't talk to her.
Don't even look at
her. do you understand?
Get the fuck off me. bitch.
Nobody tells me what to do.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
Hi guys.
I'm back.
I brought you a present.
You are so bad.
You fuckin' love it.
I do.
Desert menus anyone?
I couldn't eat another thing.
Are you sure? It's-
really good.
It's uh-
finger licking good.
What a degenerate.
Excuse me.
Ah. where are you
going. rich girl?
You're not leaving already?
Do you mind getting
out of my way?
But the party's just
getting started.
Let me pass.
One drink. that's
all I ask. Come on!
Take your fuckin' hands off me.
Fuckin' bitch. Ah!
You're not worth the trouble.
Reese. we better...
Reese. want to
fuckin' go. Check!
Jesus Christ.
I'm surrounded by
fuckin' light weights.
Hey. are you okay?
Were you trying to make
me jealous tonight?
Did it work?
Did I make an ass of myself?
Yeah. I'd say so.
Then I guess it worked.
Here. let me help.
What's the code?
4-
2-
8-
76.
Yeah.
Are you gonna be okay?
I'll be fine. Thank you.
Thank you.
Oh. you're a dangerous
woman. Diana. Goodnight.
Good night.
Are we there yet?
Move your ass.
you fucking drunk.
The hostility.
Well. what'd you think
of my performance?
What the fuck was that?
Are you trying to
sabotage my plan?
Your plan?
Yeah. that's what I said.
I thought we were
in this together.
Yeah? Say we are.
What's your plan for getting
your hands on that safe
by blundering your way in?
Of course not.
I checked out the specs.
It's retina encoded.
which means the only
person on this earth
that can open it is her
old man. Mason Oswald.
So first we have to
figure out how to use her
to get him here. which could
be pretty fucking tricky
considering she hates his guts.
And even if we do get him here.
I'm gonna have to
convince him to open it.
So the real question
here that matters
is what are you prepared to do?
What do you mean?
I'll do whatever it takes.
Just like a spin of
that Roulette wheel.
it's all or nothing.
So what are you gonna do?
That's what I thought.
So why don't you go upstairs.
pass out. throw up...
or do whatever the fuck
it is you're going to do
and let me think!
Hey!
Talk about killer heels.
How did you get in here?
You gave me your
code last night.
Remember?
I must have been in
a very bad shape.
Oh you were. But I've
got just the thing.
Perfectly baked fresh bread
and the hair of the dog.
You make it... very...
difficult.
I know.
But I'm too hungover
to care right now.
Open wide.
Breakfast for champions.
Oops. you missed some.
What have we got?
Call came in about
40 minutes ago.
It's another nasty one.
Similar MO. male
victim. early twenties.
The cleaner found the body
this morning at 9:00 AM.
She was expecting
him to be at work.
You got her statement yet?
I'm on it. boss.
What about cause of death?
I think
you better see it for yourself.
Can we get some
more light in here?
My God.
No fingerprints so far.
It looks like he was
stabbed to death this time.
not slashed.
Do we have a name?
Tessari. Christian Tessari.
Okay. talk to the neighbors.
Check for CCTV. Do
we have his phone?
Yes we do.
Call everyone he knows.
I want to know his movements
for the last 48 hours.
No problem.
You're confusing the
hell out of me right now.
Really? What's there
to confused about?
I love Claire.
Don't you love Reese?
That's not the question.
You know what you want.
but you feel the need
to justify your desires?
Sometimes I like cock.
and Reese happens to
have a very nice one.
To me. sex is like food.
I never know what I'm
gonna be hungry for
from one day to the next.
If I find myself alone with
someone I'm attracted to.
I can't deny it. I get peckish.
I don't do forever. I go
where the desire takes me.
You should try it sometime.
The drink in the face?
And then the slap!
It was genius.
Oh God. I forgot
about the drink too.
He must be so pissed with me.
Oh. fuck him. He had it coming.
Uh. I should go home.
Why? The night is still young.
Yeah. that's why if I stay
I might not be able
to control myself.
And that would be bad...
...why?
Because I think I might be...
Shit!
Oh. you're still alive.
Oh. I better go.
Don't leave on my account.
Things were just
getting interesting.
Did you enjoy that
fucking show? Did you?
Oh. screw you!
Where the fuck are you going?
To bed. where else?
Oh. you think I'm
fucking stupid?
You think I don't see
what's going on here?
All that bullshit at the
restaurant. now this?
You're still fucking
drunk. ain't ya?
No. I have complete
fucking clarity.
enough to see you two
lovebirds out there
getting along famously.
You're supposed to be
working her. not fucking her.
You know what? Fuck
you. Fuck this.
Don't you fuckin'
turn your back on me.
Diana! Don't you
fuckin' walk away!
Bullshit.
Jesus. Diana. don't you get it?
I'm in deep fuckin' shit here.
If I don't get Fabio his
money by the end of the week.
I'm not gonna make it
off this fuckin' island.
Yeah. and you know
what that makes you?
What's that?
A fucking liability.
I'm a liability?
What was I thinking?
I knew I shouldn't have
gotten you involved.
I knew you wouldn't
be able to handle it.
You know what I'm thinking?
Behind all the fancy
English heirs and graces.
you're nothing but a two bit
street hustler. born and bred.
You know what? Fuck this.
We're done.
You want me dead?
-Fuck!
-Is that it?
I gave you everything and
now you wanna fuck me over?
No. I told you I'm
doing this for us.
Yeah? Then prove it.
You and me. we go
over there right now.
We force her to open the safe.
I told you. It
doesn't work that way.
Yeah. I'm supposed
to believe a thief.
If you do this. you'll
fuck the whole thing up.
I'm gonna go over there...
I'm gonna put a
gun to her head...
And we'll see if she
can open that safe.
You fucking...
...bitch. you
fucking stabbed me?!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
You fucking stab me
in the fucking back?
Fucking bitch. You
wanna fucking cry?
You fucking bitch.
Get the fuck away from
me. Get the fuck back.
Both of you.
Get the fuck away from me.
Hey!
Fuck!
Fuck... fuck!
We have to call the police!
Call the police? Are
you out of your mind?
He wanted to kill you.
it was self defense.
Ewelina.
The police need to know that.
This looks like
self-defense to you?
With the police
already looking at us
for those other murders?
We had nothing to do with that.
Police don't believe
in coincidences.
Just think about this
for a minute. okay?
Even if we got away with it.
it will stay with us forever.
Your life will be ruined.
Your family. Claire.
This is so bad.
This is so necessary.
Listen. Reese is in debt
with some really bad people.
The kind of people that
can make you disappear.
What are you saying?
What I'm saying is if he
was just to disappear.
who'd be any the wiser?
Why point the finger on us?
How would we do that?
We're on an island.
We've got the biggest graveyard
on the planet all around us.
Still tender?
Yeah.
Me too.
Listen...
I don't wanna spoil
the mood. but...
sooner or later someone's
gonna come looking for Reese.
Who? The cops?
Well. I was thinking
more like the people
he owes money to. if they
think he's done a runner.
they're gonna be pissed.
So we have to start
planning our exit.
Is there anywhere that you've
always wanted to visit?
Hmm. I don't care as
long as we are together.
Claire?
No.
Fuck!
They want 100K! How the
fuck are we gonna do this?
There's no other
moves to play here.
The only advantage we have.
we're dealing with armatures.
How do we know that?
100K and they hand
over the phone?
That's not such a high
price for your life.
It's a fuckin'
bargain if you ask me.
I don't have 100K!
Your step dad's a millionaire.
He must have some cash stashed
around there someplace.
No he doesn't.
Come on Evie. think!
This is fucking serious!
I'm telling you he doesn't.
I could trade my watch.
How much is it worth?
I don't know. 50K maybe?
Yeah. Worth a try.
Diana. they wanna make
the exchange tonight.
Good. But we decide where.
Any new leads?
No.
With every turn
I feel like...
I'm walking up a blind alley.
It's been a long day.
Let me buy you a drink.
Believe me. it's tempting...
but somehow I have
to crack this.
If you're staying.
I best stick around.
Hey. apparently someone
fitting the description
of your killer
was just seen entering the
palazzo on the west side.
The address.
Thanks. mate.
Wow. What is this place?
This is Madame Karmelina's
annual masquerade.
Seemed like a good cover
for the night's events.
Diana!
And your delectable friend!
Welcome to my sanctum!
Come inside and let your
inhibitions melt away.
We most certainly
will. gorgeous.
And I think I need
some Dutch courage.
♪ We burning the
dance-floor. yeah ♪
♪ We making it hot ♪
♪ My girls and my
brothers. yeah ♪
♪ Together we're squad ♪
♪ No rules and no boundaries ♪
♪ We're so high to go down ♪
♪ You won't stop us. no way ♪
♪ Spending our money
like there's no pay day ♪
So how do we do this?
We draw out our quarry.
How do we do that?
By getting everyone's attention.
♪ No time. no time for regret ♪
♪ No time for regret ♪
♪ Don't try to find.
don't try to find ♪
♪ Don't try to find ♪
♪ We lose tonight. we lose
tonight. we lose tonight ♪
Police business.
Welcome to my sanctum-
Police.
Oh.
We received the call
saying someone matching
this description
has entered this premises.
Here we cater for all taste.
Feel free to indulge.
Don't think she believes we're-
There.
No. wait. over there!
Are you fucking kidding me?
Wild bloody goose chase this.
Maybe now's a good
time for that drink.
The bar's that way.
Fuck it. why not.
♪ We burning the
dance-floor. yeah ♪
♪ We making it hot ♪
♪ My girls and my
brothers. yeah ♪
Do you see any familiar faces?
Not yet.
♪ No rules and no boundaries ♪
♪ We're so high to go down ♪
Wait.
At the bar.
It's those two cops.
Ignore them.
Keep dancing.
♪ Gucci. Louis. Fendi.
this is how we pray ♪
♪ Being young means
no time for regret ♪
♪ No time. no time for regret ♪
Those two look familiar to you?
Oh yeah.
I see a possible candidate.
He can't take his eyes off us.
It's the fucking
pool boy. Gianni.
Cocky little bastard.
How much you wanna
bet that's our guy?
It's got to be him.
God. I need to pee.
Right now?
Yeah. I'm fucking nervous.
Evening. officers.
This isn't your
unusual scene. is it?
♪ My girls and my
brothers. yeah ♪
♪ Together we're squad ♪
Can I get you a drink?
I didn't realize you and
Miss Kowalska were friends.
Not so much friends
as close neighbors.
Very close.
♪ Spending our money
like there's no pay day ♪
♪ Gucci. Louis. Fendi ♪
Speaking of which I have
to go and check on her.
♪ Being young means
no time for regret ♪
♪ No time. no time for regret ♪
♪ No time for regret ♪
Police!
Clear the way!
Move. move! Get back!
Shit!
Close the exit! Nobody gets out!
Crime scene! Shift it!
Fuck!
Another murder right
under our noses.
Why does it feel like someone
is playing games with us?
Someone's havin' a fucking
laugh. that's for sure.
What did we get from
Tessari's phone?
Nothing from any of
the direct contacts.
But his GPS pinged him
at the Laguna Restaurant
on the night of his death.
where witnesses say he was
in a violent altercation
with another customer.
Do we have any ID
on this person?
No. but we have a
pretty good description.
And?
It's so early.
Oh gosh.
It's the police.
Shit! What do we do?
We don't jump to
conclusions. We act normal.
And you answer the door.
Maybe it's best they
don't know I'm here.
Yeah. Got it.
Detective Cavara. is it?
Good morning. Miss Kowalska.
How can I help you this time?
We have a few more questions.
Do you mind if we come in?
Questions about what?
Do you know this man?
Yes. I do. Why?
This would be a lot easier
if we could come in.
All right.
You live here alone?
All ready told
you. Just visiting.
Right... as you said.
Interesting man.
your stepfather.
Yeah. people keep telling me.
But could we get to the point?
So...
...how did you know
Christian Tessari?
Not very well.
But you knew him well enough
to slap his face.
What? What is this about?
Christian Tessari was
murdered three nights ago.
My God.
And you have been identified
as one of the last
people to see him alive.
So now you understand
why I want to talk to you
and then there's your
presence with your neighbor.
Diana Shaw at the scene
of another brutal
murder last night.
This time a young man by
the name of Gianni Salvo.
Sound familiar?
No. Should it?
He came here once a
week to clean your pool.
It's not my pool.
Let's start again. shall we?
How did you know Mr. Tessari?
I didn't know him.
He was a taxi driver who
brought me in from the harbor.
You usually take taxi
drivers to dinner?
I was having dinner
with my friends
and he was already
at the restaurant.
So why'd you throw a drink
in his face and attack him?
I didn't attack him.
I slapped him because
of his behavior.
How so?
He was drunk.
He came onto me and touched me.
And I don't like being touched
by drunk assholes I barely know.
Did you kill him for it?
No!
And that was the last
time you saw him?
Yes.
So why were you at the party
last night?
To get fucked up and dance.
And I'm not answering anymore
questions without my lawyer.
That's all we need.
For now.
But... if we think of anything
else. we'll be in touch.
What did I tell you about
leaving the questions to me?
Hey. I'm just stirring the pot.
You want to stare the
pot? Go work in a kitchen.
You are the boss.
She hardly seems the
type though. does she?
Don't get distracted...
by a pretty face. from my...
From my experience
everyone is the type.
That was forensics.
They think they found
the murder weapon
in the Tessari case.
Let's go take a look. Come!
You've heard that?
Most of it.
Christian was murdered.
Maybe he touched up the
wrong woman this time.
And the pool boy?
Don't tell me it
was a coincidence.
Now you sound like a cop.
I'd take that as a win.
One less thing to worry about.
Diana. it's serious. I'm scared.
You don't need to be scared.
This has nothing to do
with you. Come here.
Tessari's neighbor found
it in the backyard.
Seems the killer chucked
it over the fence.
That's very sloppy.
That's a serious bit of kit.
Who do we now likes swords?
What the fuck?
We have a warrant to
search your property.
Evie Kowalska. I'm arresting you
on suspicion of the murder
of Christiana Tessari.
What's going on here.
I didn't do this.
It's okay. Evie. don't
let intimidate you.
And don't say anything
without a lawyer.
Detective. this is
bullshit and you know it.
She's innocent. I'm telling you.
Are you sure about that?
Diana?
It's okay. Evie. I'm gonna
get you out of there.
I'll do whatever it
takes. I promise.
You ignorant bastards.
Are you done?
I'm just getting started.
She'll get the best
lawyers money can buy
and you'll be getting hit with
a wrongful arrest lawsuit.
I look forward to
receiving it. Ciao!
Mason Oswald?
Hi. I'm Diana Shaw.
I'm a friend of your daughters.
Look. it's hard to
explain right now.
but she's in some
real serious trouble.
I know she'll never
ask. but... I have to.
She needs you.
How soon can you get here?
Assaulting a man in public.
then killing him the same night?
Only a fucking
moron would do that.
Perhaps that's the
essence of her defense.
Miss Kowalska.
My only objective is
to get to the truth.
and I will do whatever
it takes to get there.
Let's get started.
I want you to take me back
to the weeks before
you arrived here.
Who's Mason? The owner?
Well. I hope you do stay while.
I don't do forever.
I go where the desire takes me.
You gave me the code last night.
Ah. the taxi driver.
You don't need to be scared.
About bloody time.
Jesus!
Fuck this.
Fuck this!
Good news. You're free to go.
What?
Until the hearing.
But I'm taking your passport
just in case you're
thinking of going somewhere.
Sure. Whatever.
But how?
Your friend. Diana
made some calls
and your father
persuaded the magistrate
to place you under house arrest.
It seems he has
some influence. Huh?
Are you coming or what?
You look perplexed.
You noticed?
Well. remember I used
to be a detective too
once upon a time.
Like I need reminding.
Do you want my advice?
Not really.
I'm giving it to you anyway.
Look. papa.
I have done
everything in my power
to get out from
under your shadow
and I have worked my ass
off to get to where I am.
And I'm good at it.
And after all that.
I'm still here
with you standing over me.
Do you know what's
holding you back?
Okay. I give up. enlighten me.
You were never in my shadow.
You are 10 times the cop
that I was at your age.
The only thing that you need
to prove. be it to yourself
or to anyone else is
who the killer is.
I thought I knew.
but... I have nothing
to connect the suspect
with either murder beyond
circumstantial evidence.
I need to be certain.
Well. I know that you
will figure it out
because-because
I believe in you.
And your mother. God rest her
soul. is watching over you.
Thanks. Papa.
Perhaps try to look with
different eyes. mmh?
What does that even mean?
You okay?
I am now.
Right. Well-
Good night then.
I wanted to welcome
you home in style.
How can I ever repay you?
For dinner?
For getting me out.
All I did was make a call.
You can thank your stepdad
for that when he gets here.
What? He's coming here?
As soon as I told him
you were in trouble.
But I didn't want him-
Hey. you're out. That's
all that matters.
Come on. let's eat.
You must be starving.
I am in big trouble. Diana.
They think I'm a killer.
That's absurd. what
evidence have they got?
They found traces
of Christian's blood
on that sword.
So they can link the
sword to the murder.
but not you to the sword.
Circumstantial.
Not enough to convict you.
Oh yeah.
Maybe you're right.
You know I am.
I had plenty of time
to think in there...
and my only conclusion was...
that I want to be with you.
Is that right?
Well. I'm all yours.
Hmm.
Freedom never tasted so good.
Crawford. pick up!
Where the fuck are you?
I'm en route to Diana
Shaw's meet me there.
You know what else
occurred to me.
when I was sitting in that
cell. staring at the ceiling...
What's that?
That I'm not the only person
on this island who knows
that I didn't kill
Christian Tessari.
Ugh. mood killer.
What does that bitch want now?
Can you get it? I have to pee.
I was in the neighborhood.
Thought I'd check in.
How very civil minded.
So what is this?
More questions for Evie?
Actually it's you I
wanted to talk to.
What would you like to ask me?
Your whereabouts on
the night of June 16th.
June 16th. I was probably
with my boyfriend. Reese.
Can Reese confirm this?
Yes. he can.
But he's away right
now on business.
And do you know
when he'll be back?
No. Sometimes he's
away for weeks.
Is Miss Kowalska here?
Are you trying to get me to
incriminate Evie or myself?
I'm trying to get to the
bottom of three murders.
I love you and you set me up.
I told you.
I don't do forever.
I didn't want it
to end like this.
But if we can't be together...
...we just can't be.
Ugh. fuck!
Mmh. new Evie. new pin code.
Claire!
Come out...
...wherever you are.
I would like you to
meet my girlfriend.
Evie. honey. We're-
Oh-
Oh my god.
Mom.
Mason.
What is this?
This is me.
All fucked up with
nowhere to go.
I don't understand.
what is happening?
The short version?
So. daddy began abusing
me when I was 14.
A week after your wedding.
And then he raped me
for the next four years
until I left for college.
That nightmare was over.
But me. I'd just begun.
That's bullshit.
Oh. shut up.
You don't get to talk anymore.
Oh. mom. I can't bear
to see you suffer.
Well?
What you waiting for?
I think we better be going now.
Evie!
No!
Fuck!
I checked the CCTV footage.
It was the girl.
Evie Kowalska.
One of our units
picked up Kowalska
on the coastal road.
She's uh-at the
hospital now and um...
Still nothing on Diana Shaw?
We're still trying
to locate her.
Where's the Chief going?
He was very upset. said
he needed to go home.
Of course.
Shit!
You're relieved.
Go get a coffee.
Sir.
Kowalska. where's Kowalska?
Room 14!
Chief! What are you doing?
Don't do it. Chief.
Just put the gun down.
I can't.
Chief!
You killed my baby.
Zero fucks given.
No!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm